♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse rein I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 18]
It was her.
Is this
what you're looking for?
The Skysplitter fragment?
I don't need it anyway.
You can have it.
Ye Zhixin.
Weigui.
Ye Zhixin!
Ye Zhixin.
Are you all right?
Weigui.
Something's off about Ye Zhixin.
She might be from Tianwaitian.
Are you sure?
There's no mistaking it.
She didn't want the Skysplitter fragment
because
she knew the fragment was fake.
Think about it.
Why did we
always run into members of Tianwaitian?
Rumors say the sect leader of Tianwaitian
has been looking for the Skysplitter.
But I remember
that the sect leader of Tianwaitian
is a woman.
There are countless martial techniques in this world.
Moreover,
Tianwaitian
also knows many unorthodox techniques.
So, she approached us previously
to get the Skysplitter.
Divine Maiden?
Long time no see.
It's you?
Ye Zhixin.
Why?
Why did you lie to us?
Why did you want to hurt us?
We walk different paths.
You can only blame
the Skysplitter you own.
That was why
you went to extreme lengths to get
the Skysplitter.
You're the reason
why Hua Xiaohua was poisoned.
I see you've figured it out.
However,
it was the person whom Hua Xiaohua attacked
and you saved
in exchange for a pitiful sum
of bounty money.
Just right ahead. The murderous woman and her lackeys.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
I'm sure
in the next few minutes,
you will be surrounded by all sects.
Tell me.
If they know
that the murderous killer
and the Skysplitter are both here with you,
do you think
the three of you can get out of here alive?
- Xiaohua. - Xiaohua.
Weigui.
It's time for you to decide.
Hand over the Skysplitter
and I'll spare you.
I showed mercy
but you didn't appreciate it.
Weigui!
Xiaohua, are you all right?
Xiaohua.
What did you do?
What did you do to Xiaohua?
Xiaohua.
It's me.
Lei Lingze.
Quick.
Kill me.
Kill me!
Weigui.
Kill me now.
Xiaohua.
Kill me now!
Don't listen to her.
Weigui, don't listen to her.
My hands are already tainted with blood.
If you don't kill me,
Lei Lingze and I will die.
Weigui, why are you hesitating?
Kill me now!
Kill me!
Xiaohua.
I bought this at the market.
What a beautiful flower.
Not only is it beautiful,
it also has a special meaning.
If you can give it to your beloved
during the festival,
you two will be together
forever.
Lover?
I've never had the chance to give it to you.
But now,
I have.
You two,
please live well.
Xiaohua.
Xiaohua!
Ye Zhixin.
I'll kill you!
Lei Lingze.
You ruined my plan time after time.
Are you trying to protect your friends
or be the first to take
the Skysplitter for your own use?
I want to protect my friends.
I want to protect Weigui.
Xiaohua.
I knew it.
Forcing my inner force to unleash the sword technique
will only backfire on me.
Where am I?
Weigui.
This is Hua Xiaohua's abode.
Hua Xiaohua's abode?
I saw it in her novel.
I was thinking hard
and I still couldn't decide
where we should live.
So, I brought you here.
Hua Xiaohua once mentioned this.
She said her abode
was graceful and elegant.
We
even made a promise together.
She said she lived behind a majestic mountain,
facing the pristine lake.
Elegant, she said?
Hua Xiaohua
was indeed a good liar.
That was Hua Xiaohua for you.
She was a bubbly
and cheerful girl.
But we won't be able
to see the smile on her face anymore.
I killed her with my own hands.
No.
It's not our fault.
It's Ye Zhixin's fault.
Weigui.
I killed her with my own hands.
Hua Xiaohua.
I should die.
Weigui.
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪